can I eat if you don't know it was the
second and final part of a two-part
bachelor season finale The Bachelor of
course harkens back to a simpler time
when time when watching people pass
viruses to one another was fun it was
entertainment pilot Pete's amazing
journey came to an end tonight or did it
we don't know what we do know is that
last night Madison the virgin who
decided it was a good idea to go on this
show sent herself home she eliminated
herself which made it easier for Peter
decide who to propose to because there
was only one woman left Hannah and so
but that plan for Hannah and took a
dramatic turn that teamed it to surprise
even Chris Harrison I hate to darken the
mood at all today because it's a big day
there's something I just found out about
Hannah ham to be honest I'm not positive
she's coming what just kidding she's
coming she not only did Hannah and show
up she showed up in a formal dress with
a formal address
[Music]
hi Chris Harrison so as not to confuse
them with the other Chris's wearing
suits in the Australian outback but so
at the rose ceremony Peter tells Hanna
Anne that Madison his other girlfriend
the one who left and he tells her she
left and then he gets down on a knee on
rue proposes to the woman who's remain
so they get engaged and then Peter goes
to break the news to his family and this
is where Peter's mom re-enters the sea
now Peters mother cried more last night
she cried harder than every woman this
season combined Liza and tonight the
tears continued when she was reunited
with her beloved son you know how long
haven't been since they'd seen him a
week one week they did she acts like he
just got back from a tour of a rocky
maybe should save us all time and marry
his mother I don't know Peters mother
had made it abundantly clear she was on
Team Hannah she doesn't like Madison and
told Peter last I god-sent Hanahan to be
with him so Peter had some good news to
share from up above I got down on one
knee and I asked Hanna Antonia
[Music]
yeah well maybe not maybe it didn't all
work out because a few months later and
I wish they had Peters mother therefore
this love affair between Peter and
Hannah and came to an end and
fortunately they just happen to have a
crew of cameras there to capture that
end for doing that me for you very
confusing you for having you have to
deal with me cannot be mad enough to
follow through with your words it's not
being true to who not being true to your
words not be true to your feelings is
that what you're sorry for yeah yeah but
not anymore now I'm not sorry at all now
I'm goodbye by the way when your
significant other asked you to detail
what specifically you're sorry for run
get the hell out of it there's no right
answer to that question so then with
Hannah Ann God's choice for Peter now
out Chris Harrison flew all the way down
to Alabama to bring Madison back I think
in his dream he would be with you
this is your second chance yeah so what
are you gonna do
[Music]
yes sir that's for head into LA
go pack a bag and what point does this
become human trafficking is like
friendly kidnapper or something but
after all that love struck out again
maybe those Neil Lane rings bring bad
luck the important thing though is once
again at the beginning of the season my
wife Molly picked Anna Anne and who did
he propose to and then not end up with
Hanna and so they may not be together
now but they got engaged and that counts
as a win what these people do after the
show that's their business not ours so
congratulations to my wife who's now
correctly pricked seven out of the last
nine winners of The Bachelor and the bat
she is the real roaster Adamo hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped
me inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape